DOCKER-130 Create an image used by static resources deployed to LXC (#257)
brianchandotcom/liferay-docker: templates/lxc-static-resources/README.md

# `lxc-static-resources` Docker Container

Base image used by Unified Static Liferay LXC extensions. The usage of this image is automated. However, the contract is to mount resources and/or [Caddyfile](https://caddyserver.com/docs/) fragments for the Caddy server (a micro HTTP server) to process.

The following is the `Dockerfile` that will be provided with LXC extensions:

```Dockerfile
FROM liferay/lxc-static-resources:latest

COPY static/ /resources/
```

> This instructs that the `META-INF/resources` provided be made available to the Caddy web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instructs that the `static/*` resources provided be made available to the Caddy web server.
```
```suggestion
This instructs that the `META-INF/resources` provided be made available to the Caddy web server.
```

Author: thx, fixed!
